docs: explain a few important fields on replication ls (#4777)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.7/reference/cli/influx/replication/list.md

Replication remotes and replication streams can only be configured for InfluxDB OSS.
{{% /cloud %}}

The `influx replication list` command lists all InfluxDB replication streams and their corresponding metrics.

> When listing replications, there are several fields that provide information about how the replication queue is performing:
> 
> - `Latest Status Code` indicates the status code of the last `write` request to the remote. This should be a 204 during healthy operation.
> - `Remaining Bytes to be Synced` is the number of bytes that have not been synced to the remote. This number should stay relatively low/close to 0, and should not be constantly increasing.
> - `Current Queue Bytes on Disk` is the total size of the replication queue. The replication queue is cleaned up every `--max-age` seconds. If your queue is filling up your disk, lower this value at the cost of potentially lower reliability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following metrics are listed for each replication and provide information about how the replication queue is performing:

- **Latest Status Code**: Status code of the last `write` request to the remote.
  This should be a 204 during healthy operation.
- **Remaining Bytes to be Synced**: Number of bytes that have not been synced to the remote.
  This number should stay close to 0 and should not be constantly increasing.
- **Current Queue Bytes on Disk**: Total size of the replication queue in bytes.
  The replication queue is cleaned up every `--max-age` seconds.
  If your queue is filling up your disk, lower this value at the cost of potentially lower reliability.
```
